Welcome to Workbook 2.10 already launched the Starter Project and Task one is to create a plain old
Java object class for employee objects.
So we will create a new class called employee.
Java.
And inside we will have three fields.
Create the usual getters and setters.
And we'll create a full constructor.
All right.
For returning the view.
We need to add the following objects to the model so we can just copy this over to our workbook controller.
Um.
Seems I already had these imported.
Convenient.
And now we need to add this employees ArrayList to our model.
So we'll say model dot add attribute.
Was there a specific name we had to give it?
Not really.
I'm just going to call it employees and it's going to map to our employees array list.
All right.
Now under the header and staff of HTML, create a table similar to the following.
So our table is going to have some number of rows and three columns.
We'll go ahead and create a table right under our header.
Uh.
There's going to be one row.
That contains a bunch of headers.
It was three headers to be specific.
Okay.
And the headers are name, age and role.
And now every table road that follows needs to be created using a timely loop.
So here we'll say thiamine for each.
And what thiamine is going to do is it's going to loop through every single employee inside of the staff
list.
So the variable expression grabs the stuff.
ArrayList that's inside of our model.
And if each is going to generate as many rows as there are employees inside of the staff array list
and for each row that it generates, that row is going to have three data cells.
And every data cell is going to display text that equals a field that belongs to the current employee
that's being iterated through.
Think about this like it's a regular for loop.
This will display the age of the current employee that's being iterated through and this will display
the employee dot role.
All right.
I think that's about it.
We should be able to run our code.
Local host, 1880.
And it doesn't seem to work.
Huh?
Silly me.
The model attribute is employees, but I passed in staff.
All right.
So here we have our table.
The first table row is just a bunch of headers, and every row that follows was generated using a leaf
loop.
Now it expects the following output.
So what we can do is add a border to our table.
We'll say a border is equal to solid and we'll give it a width that spans 100% of our page.
And that's all for Workbook 2.10.